Viewers like you make
this program possible.
Support your local PBS station.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
[gentle music playing]
Wallet?
Er. yes.
Coat.
Not in this weather.
Flask and sandwiches?
[sighs] It's 90 minutes away.
It's not Scotland.
Those for your mum?
I didn't want to turn up
empty-handed.
She ran out on you.
Again.
The point is to listen and...
not to shout or judge.
Be careful. London is full
of sinners and squalor.
[chuckles] I grew up there.
Romford is no more rife
with crime than Grantchester.
No.
No. no!
[woman] Oh. Alphy.
do you have a spare?
I don't have four.
You must call Geordie.
If I report this now.
I won't get away before lunch.
Oh. go another day.
No. no.
I can't keep putting this off.
I'm losing sleep
over it already.
[amusing music playing]
I can get a train.
[chatter]
[train whistles]
[bell ringing]
The village has fallen
into wrack and ruin.
Vandalism. theft.
Mr Everett from Number 6 is
growing a beard.
Was Alphy okay?
As if he didn't have enough
on his plate today already.
Maybe I shouldn't have
found his mam.
Oh. Geordie. Alphy
deserved to know her.
I knew she was gonna
let him down.
I saw the signs.
Geordie. it'll be all right.
Alphy's got his head screwed on.
Miss Scott... need a couple
of uniforms over...
So sorry. do excuse me.
Few too many martinis.
-Big night last night?
-No. end of last week.
But they keep repeating on her.
[orchestral music playing]
Excuse me.
Good day to you. sir.
Could I venture a glance
at your ticket. sir?
Er... of course.
[whispers] Er... here you go.
Eh...
We should be in shortly
before 11:00.
You have a wonderful journey.
The views are completely
free of charge. [chuckles]
Thanks for the tip.
[Mr Birde]
All part of the service.
[groans]
I am so sorry.
Apologies.
[clears throat]
Atkins has a lead
in the Saint Said's case.
Oh...
Where have the Garibaldi's gone?
They started tasting funny.
-Funny how?
-Sort of metallic.
[Geordie] Hmm.
Miss Scott.
[footsteps approaching]
Please take a seat.
How long have you been
in the family way?
Why would you think that?
Has someone said something?
Yeah. I'm just
hazarding a guess.
Four kids.
My test results are due any day.
You haven't told Larry.
You haven't thought
about this eventuality?
Never mind hiding your marriage.
-once you start showing...
-Look. I know that. [inhales]
-[sombre music playing]
-I want to keep working.
Larry's preoccupied
with the sergeant's exams.
-We're not ready.
-Nobody ever is.
[man] Romford.
All those for Romford.
a line here. please.
[knocking]
Oh.
Hello.
Yes?
Is Mira Kohli in?
Nope. Sorry.
Er. do you know
when she'll be back?
She sometimes comes home for
lunch. Otherwise. she's at work.
Right. She prefers tulips.
And Dad might object.
Er...
sorry. who are you?
I'm her son. Rajesh.
[sombre music playing]
Y-You're Mira's son?
How do you know her?
I'm Alphy Kottaram.
She's never mentioned me?
No.
I reckon I'd remember a vicar.
Or is it fancy dress?
An ironic comment
on Christianity
as an oppressive tool
of colonialism.
No. no. that's...
I'm sorry to bother you.
Geordie Keating.
there is a terrible injustice
occurring this very instant.
Witness spotted a lad
smashing wing mirrors
all along Mill Way.
So you just snatched
the first child you saw?
A Mr Lowell
described a young male.
maybe eight or nine. light hair.
beige shirt playing truant.
That could be any boy
in the village.
Said his name was Raymond Hayes.
Oh.
Which Mrs Chapman
also confirmed.
Oh.
Larry. get hold of his parents.
Raymond's father is very ill
and his mother died years ago.
He needs help.
Not wild accusations.
Then I'm sure you'd be happy
to sit in with Raymond
while we get to
the bottom of this.
Happily.
[women chattering]
[woman] Alphy?
What are you doing here?
I came to see you.
To ask you
why you disappeared. again.
But don't worry.
it's all very clear now.
You...
You... you went to my house?
-I met Rajesh.
-[gasps]
Th-They...
They don't know about you.
That was abundantly clear.
-I'm so sorry. I...
-I-I have a brother...
and you kept it from me.
They... They're not ready
to find out.
And when was I going to be ready
to find out?
I don't know.
- I'm so sorry.
- But I've got it.
Thirty years.
of course you have a family.
-But you lied to me.
-[sombre music playing]
I-I couldn't tell you.
So shame then.
-I'm your dirty secret.
-No.
Or is it this. huh?
I don't understand it.
An Indian man
being part of that church.
You left me there...
outside that church. remember?
I was a child.
I-I... I knew nothing about
missionaries and conversions.
I-I'm so glad that
you are alive and...
and... well and happy.
But I just...
I hate...
that you didn't escape it.
You hate it.
But you've had 30 years
to correct your mistake.
And in all that time. you didn't
check on me. not once.
[sombre music continuing]
[conductor blows whistle]
Er. careful.
I have preserves
from Fortnum's inside.
And I don't want them spread
anywhere other than
the scones at luncheon club.
Or I'll see to it
that your next stop
will be the benefits office.
They can't
get away with this. Matty.
It's just so unfair.
Flora. not amongst the navvies
and the missionaries.
Oh. you really can be
quite witless.
I'm a saint for tolerating you
all these years.
Excuse me. Sorry. Thank you.
[grunts]
[conductor] Mind the doors.
Mind the doors.
A "thanks" would be nice.
[train whistle blows]
[clears throat] Excuse me.
is anyone sitting here?
No. please go ahead.
Very polite of you to ask.
[woman] You are supposed to.
aren't you?
Not everyone does.
I'd hate to steal
somebody's seat.
[man] Or sit on an
invisible bunny rabbit.
[woman] Can you imagine?
I'd be so embarrassed.
[man] I can't imagine
that Harvey
would be too impressed either.
[woman] Do you think
he'd need a ticket?
[man] Invisible rabbit?
Ah. they're not
going to charge him.
[woman laughs]
[woman 2]
Where are you going to?
[woman 3] Cambridge.
Smashed windows
at Blakely's farm.
threw rocks at a delivery truck.
vandalised a signpost.
All that from just this spring.
And all before your dad got ill?
We tried the stern talking to.
clip round the ear.
But now you're back in here.
Mrs C called by earlier.
Someone did for Alphy's tyres.
That was a vicar's car.
A good friend of mine.
Today was a very
important day for him.
Tell us. son...
did you do it?
Don't be intimidated. Raymond.
Just be truthful.
and all will be well.
I did it.
I did all of them.
Do you speak English?
English?
[woman]
I don't think shouting helps.
-What's happening?
-Oh.
Good. You do understand.
We thought you might
be able to help.
-There's a woman crying...
-[woman sobbing]
has been for a while.
If you really are a vicar. well.
maybe that's your sort of thing.
Erm... [exhales]
[clicks tongue]
Er. where are we?
Broken down about 20 minutes
from Cambridge.
-All right. [exhales]
-[woman sobbing]
Fine. Leave it with me.
Is everything all right?
Oh. it... it's Matty.
I think that...
I think that she's...
[continues sobbing]
[tense music playing]
-Matty?
-[gasps]
Matty. can you hear me?
Wake up. Matty.
Come on. wake up.
How long has she been like this?
-She's not breathing.
-[woman] Is she okay?
[music intensifies]
No.
No. I'm afraid she's dead.
[woman crying]
-[music stops]
-[chair squeaks]
-[typewriter clicking]
-[man groans]
[telephone rings]
Can I get you a drink?
A tea. a coffee?
No?
Suppose not.
[intriguing music playing]
Er. would you like to read?
I have the new Burgess.
[groans]
This really shouldn't
be so difficult.
[chair squeaking]
Do you need a tinkle. poppet?
Jen? Have you heard?
-Our results are in.
-What?
-How did you know?
-Atkins told me.
Atkins?
He's got a mate in Ely.
Had their letter today.
-This could be it.
-[sighs]
The sergeant's exam.
Of course. What else?
Er. the letters aren't here yet.
Oh. okay.
Maybe tomorrow.
Raymond needs sympathy
and understanding.
I know he's young
a-and his dad's ill.
and it's all very sad...
But you don't know them.
The whole family's bounced
in and out of here for years.
Some people can't
change their nature.
If we all give up on him.
then he really doesn't
stand a chance.
Well. the community disagrees.
We've had dozens of complaints
about him from villagers.
It's in his best interest
that I let the juvenile court
decide his fate.
[tense music playing]
We need to alert the guard
and see if there's
a doctor on board.
I'll go.
Best if the rest of us stay put.
[door closes]
-[sighs]
-[Alphy] I'm so sorry.
You have my deepest
condolences. Miss...
I'm Flora. Thank you.
[indistinct chatter outside]
Was Matty unwell?
No. she never got ill.
Where are you travelling today?
On my way home to Cambridge.
But he insisted we see the
new show at the Royal Academy.
Would you like to pray
for her with me?
[footsteps approaching]
Here we all are. [exhales]
And good day to you all.
Oh.
This is the unfortunate lady.
-Er. her name is Matty...
-Matilda Garland.
Probably her heart. poor dear.
-All right. let's get you out.
-No. don't. don't.
N-Never move a body.
Well. not until the authorities
have seen her.
Have some experience.
do you. sir?
-A little.
-Really?
I-I think that's right.
I've read that.
How long do you suppose
we'll be stuck here for?
While they suppose. I shall
confirm an answer for you
when I've conversed
with the driver.
Just stay put for now.
[grunts softly]
Hey. didn't you hear him?
-[suspenseful music playing]
-Come back.
For God's sake. Boy. stop!
[groans]
What is it?
How can I help Raymond?
I can't go behind
Geordie's back.
But can Geordie really just
throw a child into a boys' home?
I shouldn't talk
to you about it.
I've endured three interminably
long evenings
of risk on your behalf
in the last fortnight.
So. if you want to imperil
the Northwest Territory again.
I suggest you aid me now.
You have to look at
the welfare of the boy...
and the welfare
of the community.
I know they've
complained about him. but...
could they be persuaded
to say...
they prefer him to stick around?
What is it?
I was meant to pray for her.
I've. er...
I've had a dream about...
praying for the dying.
-[sombre music playing]
-Go forth from this world.
in the love of God
who created you.
in the mercy of...
That was a short one.
[suspenseful music playing]
I thought you said
not to touch her.
I said not to move her.
There's blood on her fingers.
You think she was killed?
I think it's good
to ask questions.
Beats sitting around.
[woman] Any discoloration?
[chuckles]
My father was a doctor.
Redness for asphyxia.
cherry or pink for cyanide.
brown for nitrates.
Move over. Miss Marple.
Hardly. [chuckles softly]
-[music intensifies]
-[Alphy] Oh.
Ah. it's metal.
-[man] All right. Yeah. move it.
-[door closes]
[man]
Hey. watch the jacket. man.
-[Mr Birde] Shut it.
-You all right. love?
Sit.
We've got some
questions for you.
-I've done nothing wrong.
-Then why'd you run. son?
-Exercise.
-Yeah. more like fair dodgy.
[man]
No. I always buy my tickets.
Codswallop! You're bunking!
[Alphy] Er. if I could have
a quick word.
[woman] ...did you find out...
[indistinct]
[whispering]
Matty Garland over there...
I don't think she died
of natural causes.
She had this in her arm.
-[shouting] She was murdered?
-[man] What?
Why do you think that?
We found a wound on her.
"We"?
-Amelda?
-[Mr Birde] On my train.
Good Lord.
What is this world coming to?
-I should take that...
-[Alphy] Yeah.
[Mr Birde] keep it as evidence.
Can you contact the police?
I only talked to the driver.
find out what the holdup is.
We're gonna be here a while.
I'll walk to the next
signal post and telephone ahead.
We should go over
everyone's movements.
This isn't
a parlour game. vicar.
I'm well aware.
When was the last time
anyone saw Matty alive?
Well. I came through
after Broxbourne.
She asked me what time
we were due in at Cambridge.
She was alive well after that.
I heard her after Audley End.
That was the last stop.
[dramatic music playing]
Well. has anyone
from another carriage
come through here since then?
I don't think so.
-Jack?
-No.
You ran. you little rat!
-I didn't do it!
-Let's not jump to conclusions.
It's one of us.
-And he ran.
-But we haven't spoken to Flora.
She went to get a drink.
[music intensifies]
[sniffles]
[door opens. clicks]
[chuckles] I just needed
a minute to myself.
We need to go back
to the other carriage. Flora.
I don't want to.
But we're trying to keep
everyone together. We're...
We're all witnesses now.
[sputters] Witnesses to what?
[clicks tongue]
Matty may not have died
of natural causes.
Oh. God!
No. no. no. I can't.
Tell me what Matty was like.
A force of nature.
So sure of herself.
Woe betide anyone
that stood in her way.
Hmm.
How long had you known her?
Since our Wren days.
She's my best friend.
Was. No one else would have
a silly old thing like me.
I doubt that.
I...
overheard you
talking about this.
You were upset
by something in it?
It... [sighs]
It's silly nonsense.
There was an anonymous letter
in the paper
questioning Matty's
charity work.
Huh. Oh. yeah.
"Self-aggrandising folly..."
Ah. someone didn't like her.
Like radish in a sandwich.
-She was a strong flavour.
-Mm.
Showed off a bit... [chuckles]
Like with her necklace.
Er. necklace?
Gold... with emeralds.
Heirloom of the Raj.
You must have noticed.
-I must have.
-Worth a fortune.
I said she was inviting
trouble wearing it.
Hmm.
What's that?
-Ridley?
-I have no idea.
Matty's writing.
She loved a crossword.
[footsteps approaching]
The attendant in the buffet car
can't recall anyone
else coming through.
And no one's been in your
carriage in the last hour.
Did... Matty leave her seat.
go anywhere?
No.
Well. once.
Just after we broke down.
she went to get a tea
and then came back
a minute later
without one and then just...
fell asleep.
All of them...
withdrawn their statements?
At the same time.
Every single one.
Leonard.
[door opens]
I really appreciate you
taking the time.
Leonard.
I could have you up for meddling
in police affairs.
Mr Lowell and the others simply
agreed that handing the boy over
to social services was not
in the best interest
of the village.
Until the next time he
vandalises or steals something.
You're being very cynical.
How many of your ex-cons
started like this?
I put Raymond
into the care of the state.
Maybe he doesn't end up
back here in five years
for something much worse.
Or maybe giving him a break now
gives him a chance to change.
[sombre music playing]
He's nine years old.
On your head be it.
but we both know
where good intentions lead.
Ladies and gentlemen.
I hope you'll understand
the imposition.
But for the sake of everyone
else on this train.
I'm afraid I must confine
you all to this carriage.
With Matty?
My apologies. but I insist.
Driver says we're to be
at least another half hour here.
And I would seek to preserve
the scene of the crime.
Have you called the police?
I'll pass the message
to Control.
[keys jingle]
God. he can't do this. can he?
[Amelda] Hey. it's okay.
You can't!
You're locking us in
with the killer!
[eerie music playing]
[door locks]
Understood. Thanks.
Yes. we'll have someone
at the station.
-Boss.
-Hmm?
-Suspicious death on a train.
-[hangs up phone]
I'll head over now.
It's not in yet. Broken down
on its way back from London.
Alphy's in London.
Could be on it.
You worried about him?
No. of course not. [chuckles]
No. he's down there
chasing his mum.
For whatever that's worth.
You know. some parents
do more harm than good.
Not all.
My mum. God rest her...
she pushed me to be a copper.
cheered me on
when no one else did.
Would never have met Jen or you
without her.
Raymond. you'll be able
to leave here shortly.
If you'd like. I can
take you back home.
Why?
Well. I thought you might like
to be with someone you know.
Why are they letting me go?
I explained that
there were other factors
affecting your behaviour.
Why did you do that?
Mr Finch is doing
something nice for you. Raymond.
No. he's not. He's not nice.
he's sticking his nose in.
-Raymond.
-You're not my dad!
You're nobody!
[sombre music playing]
Mr Finch was trying to help you.
Yeah. he's a good man.
And you need
all the friends you can get.
-Stop it!
-We're not doing anything.
You keep talking all the time.
I've stolen lots of things.
Why aren't you doing your jobs?
I. erm. [clears throat]
I appreciate your time with
the distressed lady. vicar.
And your... unexpected input.
[sighs]
Well. I have been around
a few crime scenes.
-helped a few policemen.
-Hmm.
There's one inspector
whose input
would be a real help about now.
Real jack of all trades.
aren't ya?
Or Jamal. I suppose. [chuckles]
[smirks] My guess is.
if it's not me. it's not you...
it's not Amelda.
Probably not that Flora. Then...
it must be the lad.
-Exactly.
-Hmm.
Not the only amateur
detective in town.
Mm.
He's gonna slip up.
[Alphy]
And you're gonna catch him.
Her necklace is gone.
I didn't see it
when we examined her.
But it must be on the train.
[Alphy] No. you're right.
I didn't see that before.
I thought I should keep track
of what we know. For the police.
Missing necklace. metal spike.
[with Poirot's French accent]
Using my little grey cells.
-[laughs]
-[Alphy chuckles]
You're missing a ring.
[in normal voice] Oh. of what?
It's been stolen. too?
[sighs]
Ah. [chuckles softly]
-So you're married?
-Are you disappointed?
[scoffs]
[Alphy] It's Jeff. isn't it?
-Either he's your husband or...
-Or I'm having an affair.
[exhales]
Oh...
A grubby little word
when you say it out loud.
I married
my childhood sweetheart. Harry.
And I guess
if you do it long enough.
even bliss becomes routine.
Trapped in the same day.
living it over and over.
And Jeff's an escape from that.
You're a very perceptive man.
[laughs]
Well. this would
make me one-all today.
For having the
wool pulled over my eyes.
Oh.
-I'm sorry.
-I...
I trusted someone with a...
bad track record.
It's stupid and naive.
Don't be so hard on yourself
for being optimistic.
We all need hope.
[softly] Hmm.
You must think terribly of me.
I think lies hurt people.
People like your husband.
I think she'd share some of
that chocolate? [chuckles]
-I think she's diabetic.
-[both chuckle]
[tense music playing]
So she could have a needle.
We need to check her case.
Hey. I need to speak
to the guard.
You tried. Leonard.
Let us deal with it now.
-Most kids aren't like that.
-[Leonard] Are you sure?
They're given
toy guns and swords.
and we wonder
why they raise their fists.
Maybe Geordie's right.
Maybe our prisons
are full of Raymonds...
destined for violence.
[Larry] I had a spud gun.
I turned out all right.
[Miss Scott] Oh.
I'm sorry.
[Geordie] Don't be.
Tough day. right?
That poor child.
Not all kids are like that.
They could be. though.
That's the risk. isn't it?
I-If you... get it wrong...
You get everything wrong.
No matter how hard you try.
You'll worry about it
for the rest of your days. Hmm.
Well. brilliant pep talk.
Thanks.
[chuckles]
You know. my dad...
wasn't much cop.
And Alphy was raised
by the state.
But sometimes kids get by
despite their parents.
Maybe this is just a scare.
A chance to think
about what you want.
Mrs Garland and Mrs Crabtree's.
[case clicks open]
[Alphy] That must be Flora's
medical case.
[Mr Birde] This kinda thing.
Well. there's the insulin.
There should be a syringe.
Well. as you can see.
there is not.
I've held on to something
in lost property
that might prove useful.
You wouldn't believe what gets
left or thrown away on here.
Or maybe the syringe
was thrown away.
[suspenseful music playing]
[Alphy grunts]
[softly] Okay. It should be...
You do realise you are literally
looking for a needle
in a deconstructed haystack?
[music intensifies]
[music fades]
You can't kill someone
with insulin.
Can you?
You could put poison in it.
Or you could simply
inject Matty with air.
-Give her an air embolism.
-[Jeff] Good God.
Well. it wasn't me.
She was my friend.
Someone's been through
my things. my medicine.
We know Matty left her seat
just after the train stopped.
but never got
to the buffet carriage.
She could have been confronted
and injected there...
in the gangway.
And the syringe thrown out.
Can you all stop looking at me?
Matty was...
a big character.
-She was my best friend.
-[tense music resumes]
A best friend
that belittles you...
bullies you?
Well. maybe she needed
taking down a peg or two.
With a damning letter
to the paper.
[scoffs]
It was just a silly letter to
take the wind out of her sails.
To not be the be all and the
end all. if only for a moment.
If she twigged it was you.
maybe she got angry.
Woe betide anyone
who stood in her way.
No.
What about the necklace.
Amelda says it's missing.
-Did you take that. too?
-No. I didn't.
I told you about that.
-[sombre music playing]
-Damn you all.
Please. Mrs Crabtree.
[Flora] I don't have it.
I am not a killer or a thief.
I am just a doormat.
A pathetic doormat.
[voice falters]
And I always will be.
[strangled sob]
[exhales]
There's always pickpockets
on this route.
[Jeff] Do shut up.
I'm just saying.
It could be anyone.
He knows.
He ran. didn't he?
Because he killed Matty.
-What?
-He knows where the necklace is.
I was just
tryna make you feel better.
There's a very simple solution.
Turn out your pockets.
No.
[Amelda] It would put
all our minds at ease.
-If you would.
-Hey. sod off!
Oi. we have a right to know if
there's a murderer amongst us.
[tense music playing]
[music intensifies]
You're bloody happy now?
[Jeff] Well. [clears throat]
I'm not hiding anything.
Nor I.
Not a pretty sight.
Too many old tickets
and sweet wrappers.
-[music intensifies]
-Now you. vicar.
[music fades]
[Jeff] A con man in a costume.
who pulled the wool
over all our eyes.
You have those cuffs handy.
Mr Birde?
I-I didn't hide it.
I showed you more.
It was planted in my pocket.
Do you think we're fools. hmm?
[Jeff] Do you think
we're stupid enough
that we buy the idea of
a crime-solving. Indian vicar?
I am a vicar.
I never lied to you.
[Jeff] I should have
trusted my instincts.
No. get off. Stop it!
-Don't.
-[Amelda] He's been helping us.
-He's not one of us.
-[Alphy groans]
-[handcuff clicks]
-[sighs]
I was asleep when Matty died.
You know I didn't kill her.
Do we? Do we know that?
[Jeff] We welcome foreigners
into this country.
and this is what happens.
Oh. not that old toss. Jeff.
[Jeff] I'm not saying I like it.
but open your eyes.
You were young. naive.
You've got no clue
what these colonials
are doing to this country.
I am married to a colonial.
Harry's from the West Indies.
And yet. who you sleeping with?
You can be such an arse.
[suspenseful music resumes]
This is yours.
I've seen these before
in your office.
The necklace was in here.
You planted it on me.
[scoffs] I did not.
Ask him for a look
in his little office.
There's a dozen more of these.
Enough! He'll say anything.
Stringing us along
with his amateur detective tosh.
I promise you all.
he is your thief.
Enough!
I'm the guardian of this train.
I have authority here.
You are a liar.
And you're no reverend.
-[gasps]
-Whoa!
-[Alphy groans]
-[dramatic sting]
[scoff] Poking and prodding
and questioning.
We've heard enough from you.
Come on.
-Cuff the other hand.
-Get off!
You know what? There are always
pickpockets on your route.
[suspenseful music resumes]
-I wanna see your office.
-Sit down. son.
-I wanna see...
-[guard scoffs]
-like the preacher man said.
-[Mr Birde] Really?
-Fare dodgers giving orders now.
-[chuckles]
He won't show us.
He did bloody steal it. and
he probably killed the old girl.
Sit yourself down.
You never showed us that.
You never showed us
your pockets.
-Hey!
-[scoffs]
I told you.
he robs the passengers.
You took it off. Matty.
just after she died.
Can you explain this?
-Well. now. let's not be hasty.
-You owe us that.
I'm really curious.
Mr Authority.
Mm-hmm.
I've been on the railway
since I was demobbed.
Giving it
the best years of my life.
And now the bosses want
to axe half the lines.
Put people like me out
and they're here.
All right.
so maybe not everything
made its way to lost property.
But I'm no murderer.
[knocking on door]
You were right.
My... optimism about Raymond
was naive.
No. it wasn't.
The world needs people
like you to stop
people like me
getting too cynical.
We're both missing
the bigger issue here.
What's that?
That boy is sure as hell
isn't looking for a way
out of this station.
What you're going through...
it's very unfair.
My mum got ill
when I was very young.
And...
my dad wasn't around
and I struggled.
Were you sad?
[Leonard] Yes.
And lonely.
Do you feel that?
[Raymond]
I talk to Mum sometimes.
She's in the churchyard.
-[sombre music playing]
-At the back.
[Leonard] I think that's lovely.
It doesn't help Dad though.
does it?
You are helping your dad.
You're doing so much for him.
He's getting worse.
He can't look after me too.
[Leonard] You think it would
help him if you weren't around?
-If you were here?
-[Raymond] Course it would.
My cousin's at a borstal.
They have meals and beds.
We can do better than that.
Raymond?
We're going to do
better than that.
-I swear to you.
-[music intensifies]
[exhales]
Is Raymond going to be okay?
Yeah. I was wrong about him.
You wanted the best for him.
Hmm. I wanted shot of him
before he slashed my tyres.
You cared...
and you listened.
Alphy usually does that.
You don't always need to run
around the country
with a vicar
to make a difference.
Maybe not.
If it were up to me.
you'd be a shoo-in
for the chief inspector job.
[amusing music playing]
The secretaries
do like a gossip.
[footsteps receding]
[eerie music playing]
[Amelda]
How are you feeling now?
Much like how a football
feels after a match.
Tomorrow could always be better.
Don't lose hope.
This might sting.
Those five years of medical
school really paid off.
[laughs] I told you
my dad was a doctor.
Dr Ridley.
[tense music playing]
Ridley.
[Alphy]
She knew your family name.
Matty knew you.
[tense music continues]
She knew you were
having an affair.
[sputters] I-I needed this.
This escape. I...
I wasn't ready for it to end.
You needed her silence.
Please. Please. I'm begging you.
[Alphy] You needed to know
she wouldn't say anything.
And you knew enough
about medicine
to recognise Flora's diabetes.
[Matty groans]
[Alphy] That she'd have
a syringe with her.
And what an air embolism
could do.
If she told Harry.
I would lose everything.
People would talk. I...
She would ruin my life.
Your fantasy life.
How does that look now?
Was Jeff worth it?
[Amelda sniffling softly]
[train whistle blows]
Larry!
Yes. boss?
You've got
some explaining to do.
I have received
a very disturbing letter
regarding the behaviour
of an officer in this force.
I haven't done nothing wrong.
Well. that's not
what it says here.
What's it say?
It relates to the
successful promotion
of a Detective Sergeant
Larry Peters.
[delightful music playing]
Oh. my God. You had me going.
Congratulations.
Your mum would be proud.
Thank you. Geordie.
Thank you so much.
[man] Bear with me. Mrs Peters.
I have your results.
Ah. it's positive.
Congratulations to you
and your husband.
[all clapping]
[puts down phone]
[faint]
Thank you. Thank you so much.
I didn't catch your name.
No.
You didn't.
[Geordie] I hear you had
quite the journey.
Who were you on the train with?
-Henry Cooper?
-[Alphy sighs]
[sighs] Geordie. I am never
leaving Rochester again.
Come on. then.
You sort things out
with your mum?
She lied to me.
She'd hidden her whole family.
[chuckles softly]
I'm so sorry. Alphy.
I'm obviously not
the son she wanted.
Nor living the life
she hoped for.
It's strange then that
you're so bloody good at it.
Geordie. I couldn't convince
five people on that train
that I was a vicar.
Give over.
Five people.
And the nicest one
was the murderer.
Well. we need to work
on your choice in women.
[chuckles]
Yeah. I need time to think.
And pray.
Okay.
-I'll drop you at the church.
-[engine starts]
Pub first though. right?
Yeah.
[theme music playing]
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-